CNV-55957: Add documentation for the new tree view (#93239)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/managing_vms/virt-list-vms.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY

[id="virt-list-vms"]
= Listing virtual machines

include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: virt-list-vms
toc::[]

> You can list available virtual machines by using the web console or the `oc` command line interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can list available virtual machines by using the web console or the {oc-first}.
```

include::modules/virt-listing-vms-cli.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/virt-listing-vms-web.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> include::modules/virt-organize-vms-web.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Author: @bergerhoffer FYI, as promised in #93747.
